SubtleCrypto algo (#21434)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/subtlecrypto/unwrapkey/index.md

- `unwrappingKey`
  - : The {{domxref("CryptoKey")}} to use to decrypt the wrapped key. The key must have the `unwrapKey` usage set.
- `unwrapAlgo`

>   - : An object specifying the [algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/encrypt#supported_algorithms) to be used to encrypt the exported key, and any extra parameters as required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An object specifying the [algorithm](#supported_algorithms) to be used to unwrap the exported key, and any extra parameters as required:
```

(not you, but this is surely wrong)

This must match the salt value that was originally used to derive
the key.
*/
const saltBytes = [180,253,62,216,47,35,90,55,218,233,103,10,172,143,161,177];
const saltBytes = [
  180, 253, 62, 216, 47, 35, 90, 55, 218, 233, 103, 10, 172, 143, 161, 177,
];

/*
IV that is to be used in decrypting the key to unwrap.
This must the same IV that was originally used to encrypt
the key.
*/
const ivBytes = [212,187,26,247,172,51,37,151,27,177,249,142];
const ivBytes = [212, 187, 26, 247, 172, 51, 37, 151, 27, 177, 249, 142];

/*
The wrapped key itself.
*/

> const wrappedKeyBytes = [6,155,182,208,7,141,44,18,3,151,58,126,68,100,252,

Author: This is prettier at work

Reviewer: Maybe we should add `js-nolint`, or it will keep coming back.

Author: I thought prettier would consistently lint - i.e.it won't change again?

Reviewer: I'm not sure what that means. I would expect Prettier to prettify everything every time it runs. I don't think it remembers what it has seen before.

Reviewer: Oh, no, maybe I misunderstand! You mean Prettier is adding these spaces? Somehow I thought you were complaining that Prettier had removed them and you have to put them back. Forget I said anything.
